COURSEWORK DETAILS

 You will answer three questions below using one of the test datasets of your choice.

 Q1: Pick a traditional - non neural network approach to your problem.  Why did you pick this 
approach and how well does a traditional approach do?

 Q2: Repeat the answer with a Neural Network approach - compare the two approaches. 

Q3: Pick one of the ‘research questions’ below and explore it with your dataset and neural 
network. 

RESEARCH QUESTIONS:
1. How does data augmentation affect the performance of a neural network?
  
2. How do parameters of a convolutional (or autoencoder) neural network affect 
performance of a network?
3. How does choice of activation function affect the performance of a neural network?

4. How does pre-training (and epochs and batches) affect the performance of a neural 
network? 

5. How do choices about data such as i) amount of training data and ii) balance of classes in a 
classification problem affect the performance of a neural network?


WHAT THE GITHUB SHOULD LOOK LIKE:

README - this explains your project idea and outlines the structure of the document and 
how to run it including what python 

dependencies you will need 'dependencies.txt' - this lists your python dependencies

py - this is a folder and your codes are structured under here 

functions.py - a piece of code which includes helper functions you have written such as 
‘def get_data()’ or ‘def augment_data()’ or def datasplit_train_test()’ etc’ 

Q1_folder - code for answering Q1 lives here. The document to be marked is a single self 
contained ipynb (which can call your functions.py file) - tidy your notebooks like a ‘medium’ or 
‘toward data science’ article which provides a tutorial of your method and explains choices 
made. This notebook should be aimed at a ‘beginner ML audience’.

 Q2_folder - code for answering Q2 lives here. The document to be marked is a single self 
contained ipynb (which can call your functions.py file) - tidy your notebooks like a ‘medium’ or 
‘toward data science’ article which provides a tutorial of your method and explains choices 
made. This notebook should be aimed at a ‘beginner ML audience’. 

Q3_folder - code for answering Q3 lives here. The document to be marked is a single self 
contained ipynb (which can call your functions.py file) - tidy your notebooks like a ‘medium’ or 
‘toward data science’ article but this time for an ‘intermediate audience’ - i.e. you can assume 
your audience has read notebooks Q1 and Q2.
